hi guys so today's video will be on this
makeup look I posted this on my
Instagram and a lot of you liked it so
here it is first you want to start off
with a primer this is my favorite
primary because I feel like it's great
for my hooded eyes and great for
preventing creasing and now I'm going to
take my hair and makeup addiction
blending brush and use Morocco and
caramel as transition colors and apply
that in the area between the brow bone
and the crease and you just want to
blend it until there's no more harsh
lines until it's nice and smooth and
then if you feel like you want to add
more shadow you can do that but make
sure that you blend it first
so here I'm just adding more products
and I'm also holding the brush downward
because when you do that it actually
blends it for you and it gives it a nice
of fading effect and I using this deep
brown color I'm going to use this in the
crease and I'm going to apply it with
this crease blender brush from hair and
makeup addiction and I'm obsessed with
these brushes because they blend so well
and the only thing is that they're a
little pricey but it's definitely worth
it because they blend the eyeshadows so
perfectly and next for the lid I'm going
to use this insomnia pigment and I'm
going to wet it with some fixed plus to
make the shadow more vibrant
and now i'm going to use any 1x liquid
liner to do my wing I know I say this
all the time but how I learned how to do
this is outlining it first and then fill
it in I feel like this is the easiest
way to do it and next I'm just applying
my under-eye concealer and I like to use
this makeup sponge by Peter looks so I
finally found a setting powder that i
really like it's my ELF and it's made
specifically for under the eye area and
I feel like it really works it has a
matte finish and I'm sorry I got ahead
of myself i applied this glitter and i
wasn't recording it but it's a glitter
from power and pandemonium and i'm just
going to pack it all over the middle of
the lid after the lash line i'm going to
use this V deluxe Joe eyeliner in bronx
and I'm actually just going to do the
inner and outer corners and go like
below the lash line and in the middle
i'm just going to do the waterline and
i'm just going to put some glitter
primer right in the middle there where I
didn't apply the eyeliner and put some
glitter on top of that and I'm just
going to pack it on and I patting motion
instead of rubbing it so that don't get
a lot of Fallout and after that I put on
my scary and my false lashes and the
look is complete